michelle has a fortune cookie message
taped in her scrapbook retrieves you're
entering a time of great promise I think
everyone in this arena would agree with
that this year for the first time there
is just beginning glimpses of budding
emerging majority
look at that
well I think this music seems to touch
her emotions more than we've seen in the
past it's always been the shy little
girl
now she's growing up very confident
double axel opening with that long edge
and attitude
the music incidentally is the Rondo
capriccioso bought by Samsung
no that was very straight and upright
and even clean she has very nice
centered spins look at the markings
she's making on the ayats it's all
centered good technique
now this is the triple lutz coming up
that she had trouble on in the short
program very nicely done with a big
smile
it's clear that Jesus skater who can
perform under pressure
very light clean neat and easy that's
refreshing and effortless I might add
that was to have been a triple loop
this program was choreographed by Laurie
Nichol she was a former state she sent a
very nice job
and now the very last triple very
reminiscent of Cristiano Gucci doing it
at the end of a program the triple lutz
hello
just didn't have quite enough speed
David ever told anyone
doesn't look at a fresh
nice program much more mature in the
presentation and confidence even with
the mistakes in the triple jump what a
marvelous advance forward this whole
presentation was far more mature far
more sophisticated and very charming and
we'll be back with remarks right after
this fine moment and Michelle Kwan's
long program this layback spin this
combination change back said look how
centered this spin is very much in
control very nice technique conditions
and this her triple plus high leg high
height
good good revolution and just a very
sweet jump for it's the sweet young lady
add remarks for technical merit as she
sits with her coach Frank Carroll from
five point four to five point seven
presentation higher from five six to
five eggs and I must say those are very
close I would not want to call this
although I would assume that surya
bonaly has the edge i wouldn't bet on it